pages/aliases.md, before:

# Avrae aliases and OTFBM

Discord users `@Croebh`, `@Nerds and Dragons`, and `@Amenadude` have embraced OTFBM and created some really awesome Avrae aliases that utilize the site.

## Avrae

Avrae is a Discord bot centered around D&D 5e. It also has a built in automation and scripting engine. For more information on the bot please visit their website: https://avrae.io

## Aliases and Server Aliases

When you use any alias, `!move` for example, Avrae will prioritize the user alias over the server alias. Any Discord user can add a personal alias that they can use. Adding a server alias requires the user to either have Administrator permissions on the Discord server, or a role on the server called either "Server Aliaser" or "Dragonspeaker".

## Avrae Dashboard

The absolute easiest way to get aliases is via the [Avrae Dashboard](https://avrae.io/dashboard/workshop?order=popular-1w&page=1). You can browse the collections there, view the available aliases each collection provides, subscribe to each one for your Discord user and/or for any servers you are a member of. You'll need to login to the dadhboard with your Discord account to subscribe to aliases.

Once you've subscribed to all the aliases you likely don't know how to use yet, return to the server you added the aliases for and type `!alias` to make sure they show up in your personal list, or `!servalias` to get all aliases the entire server is subscribed to.

To get inline help in Discord with any alias, use `!help <alias>`.

`!init` is included with Avrae by default, there's no need to add it.

`!map !move !distance !tokenimport !go !view !se` can be found at [Map Utlities](https://avrae.io/dashboard/workshop/5f6a4623f4c89c324d6a5cd3)

`!bplan` can be found at [Battle Planner Tool](https://avrae.io/dashboard/workshop/5f7eb5d2f2d59b2718720f7f)

`!conjure !maprand !invis` can be found at [Map Plugins](https://avrae.io/dashboard/workshop/604a56061e2241970bbeffb5)

`!placerandom` can be found at [Map Extras](https://avrae.io/dashboard/workshop/64c2c980909bfc38f5b3a425)

Please edit this page or suggest in OTFBM Discord if there are other OTFBM related aliases to add here.

## OTFBM Discord

An alternative method of adding aliases, though far more time consuming and repetitive, is to join the [OTFBM Discord](https://discord.gg/vdskRBp)

Go to the `#command-spam` channel and type `!servalias` for the list of all aliases, and then `!servalias <alias>` to return the code of the desired alias. Copy that and return to your own server and type `!servalias <alias> <paste code>` to manually add the alias for your server. Remember that you need to have Administrator permissions or one of the roles "Server Aliaser" or "Dragonspeaker" to add server aliases.

Commit message:

correctify aliases.md
corrections made regarding aliases in general, (hopefully) improved explanations about aliases and the difference between them and commands.

misc typos

pages/aliases.md, after:

# Avrae aliases and OTFBM

Discord users `@Croebh`, `@Nerds and Dragons`, and `@Amenadude` have embraced OTFBM and created some really awesome Avrae aliases that utilize the site.

## Avrae

Avrae is a Discord bot centered around D&D 5e. It also has a built in automation and scripting engine. For more information on the bot please visit their website: https://avrae.io

## Aliases and Server Aliases

Aliases are user-made scripts that run using Avrae.  Aliases can be added by any user to their own account or, with special permissions, to a Discord server.  When you use any alias, `!move` for example, Avrae will prioritize the user alias over the server alias.  Adding a server alias requires the user to either have Administrator permissions on the Discord server, or a role on the server called either "Server Aliaser" or "Dragonspeaker".

## Avrae Dashboard

The easiest way to find alias collections is via the [Avrae Dashboard](https://avrae.io/dashboard/characters), in the [Alias Workshop](https://avrae.io/dashboard/workshop?order=popular-1w&page=1) "explore" section. You can browse collections there, view the available aliases each collection provides, subscribe to each one for your Discord user and/or for any servers you are a member of. You'll need to login to the dashboard with your Discord account to subscribe to collections.

Once you've subscribed to some aliases you likely don't know how to use yet, return to the server you added the aliases for and type `!alias` to make sure they show up in your personal list, or `!servalias` to see what aliases the server is subscribed to.

For help in Discord with any alias added from the Workshop, use `!help <alias>` or `!help <alias> -here` to view the help in-channel instead of a PM.

`!init` is an Avrae Command, not a user-made Alias, so there's no need to add it.  All official commands are listed in `!help`

`!map !move !distance !tokenimport !go !view !se` can be found at [Map Utlities](https://avrae.io/dashboard/workshop/5f6a4623f4c89c324d6a5cd3)

`!bplan` can be found at [Battle Planner Tool](https://avrae.io/dashboard/workshop/5f7eb5d2f2d59b2718720f7f)

`!conjure !maprand !invis` can be found at [Map Plugins](https://avrae.io/dashboard/workshop/604a56061e2241970bbeffb5)

`!placerandom` can be found at [Map Extras](https://avrae.io/dashboard/workshop/64c2c980909bfc38f5b3a425)

Please edit this page or suggest in OTFBM Discord if there are other OTFBM related aliases to add here.

## OTFBM Discord

Join us at [OTFBM Discord](https://discord.gg/vdskRBp) for assistance using any of these aliases.  Ask for help in [#support-chat](https://discord.com/channels/712755105522385047/805952538024083477) after checking out the [rules](https://discord.com/channels/712755105522385047/1227475911796981871).
